Fix global links in Hosted private cloud hosted private cloud powered… (#8111)
ovh/docs: pages/hosted_private_cloud/hosted_private_cloud_powered_by_vmware/veeam_managed_backup_restoration/guide.en-asia.md

First, you need to target the backups you want to restore.

> Log in to [https://ca.api.ovh.com/](/links/api) and use the following call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in to the [OVHcloud API](/links/api) and use the following call:
```

The API call will restore the last valid restore points for each backup in the storage folder.

> Log in to [https://ca.api.ovh.com/](/links/api) and use the following call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in to the [OVHcloud API](/links/api) and use the following call:
```
